.TH MPI_T_finalize 3 "11/9/2015" " " "MPI"
.SH NAME
MPI_T_finalize \-  Finalize the MPI tool information interface 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
int MPI_T_finalize(void)
.fi
.SH NOTES
This routine may be called as often as the corresponding MPI_T_init_thread() routine
up to the current point of execution. Calling it more times returns a corresponding
error code. As long as the number of calls to MPI_T_finalize() is smaller than the
number of calls to MPI_T_init_thread() up to the current point of execution, the MPI
tool information interface remains initialized and calls to its routines are permissible.
Further, additional calls to MPI_T_init_thread() after one or more calls to MPI_T_finalize()
are permissible. Once MPI_T_finalize() is called the same number of times as the routine
MPI_T_init_thread() up to the current point of execution, the MPI tool information
interface is no longer initialized. The interface can be reinitialized by subsequent calls
to MPI_T_init_thread().

At the end of the program execution, unless MPI_Abort() is called, an application must
have called MPI_T_init_thread() and MPI_T_finalize() an equal number of times.

.SH THREAD AND INTERRUPT SAFETY

This routine is thread-safe.  This means that this routine may be
safely used by multiple threads without the need for any user-provided
thread locks.  However, the routine is not interrupt safe.  Typically,
this is due to the use of memory allocation routines such as 
.I malloc
or other non-MPICH runtime routines that are themselves not interrupt-safe.

.SH ERRORS

All MPI routines (except 
.I MPI_Wtime
and 
.I MPI_Wtick
) return an error value;
C routines as the value of the function and Fortran routines in the last
argument.  Before the value is returned, the current MPI error handler is
called.  By default, this error handler aborts the MPI job.  The error handler
may be changed with 
.I MPI_Comm_set_errhandler
(for communicators),
.I MPI_File_set_errhandler
(for files), and 
.I MPI_Win_set_errhandler
(for
RMA windows).  The MPI-1 routine 
.I MPI_Errhandler_set
may be used but
its use is deprecated.  The predefined error handler
.I MPI_ERRORS_RETURN
may be used to cause error values to be returned.
Note that MPI does 
.B not
guarentee that an MPI program can continue past
an error; however, MPI implementations will attempt to continue whenever
possible.

.PD 0
.TP
.B MPI_SUCCESS 
- No error; MPI routine completed successfully.
.PD 1
.PD 0
.TP
.B MPI_T_ERR_NOT_INITIALIZED 
- The MPI tool information interface is not initialized.
.PD 1

.SH SEE ALSO
MPI_T_init_thread
.br
